Craig

The (God)Father. 

Craig has never been a full-on powerhouse in the VHL, but he really has never been a full on push over, either. Every year that Craig has been a General Manager, he always finds his way into the thick of things. Craig has finished top 3 in the 5 seasons that the VHL has existed and has made playoffs in 4 out of those 5 seasons. 

His management style around the league is perceived as Hardball, sometimes to a fault. There are times when other managers think they are about to pry a prized player from Craig’s roster, only to have Craig counter-offer with an almost impossible trade. He is a man who is low risk, high reward and very rarely strays from that ideology. 

Craig’s strategies have never won him the ultimate prize, but they have never really placed him in the basement of the league either. 

His office, out of Butler, Pennsylvania, places him in the Steel Division where he faces the daunting task of juggling a family, running this League, and winning his first championship.  

Travis

The Viper. 

Travis is one of the original General Managers that joined in the inaugural season of the VHL back in 2015, and he remains one of the most prominent. Travis’ squad has missed a top 3 finish only once in the history of the League, and even then he was only one place out. 

He has spent most years within the league sniffing the title, only to be stymied every year by powerhouse teams. In 2015, cross-town, Johnstown rival, Nick beat him for the first ever Flying Drutchman. In 2017, He was walloped by Mike’s team in almost embarrassing fashion. He would go on to get his revenge in 2019, however, when an emergency goalie call-up made all of the difference to edge Mike’s team by a fraction of a point. 

His teams are always lethal, packing a shot of venom with each and every match-up. Like the animal from which his title refers, taking your eyes off of him can result in your demise. Travis has a nose for finding young talent that end up victimizing other teams when needed. You’re never quite sure when his team will strike but you will definitely feel it when it does.  

With Travis’ win in 2019, he cemented himself into history by being the first recipient of a Champion’s Chest and is hungry for another

Sharing an arena with rival, Nick, in Johnstown, Pennsylvania has landed him within the Steel Division where he will look for his next prey. 

Mike

“Commish.”

Mike goes by many titles in the VHL. He is a league historian, league manager, champion’s chest curator, and the guy who puts way too much time and money into this whole thing. 

But if he considers it labor, it is a labor of love. Mike strives to make the league as interesting as possible while also trying to put as many W’s onto his belt as he can.  

Mike is an original General Manager of the VHL. He stumbled in the first year, tied for last, but has stepped it up since. He is determined to stay relevant and as high up in the standings as possible. His management style is always open for trade talks and lives for GM summits. 

Based out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania but having relocated from Carbondale, Pennsylvania has left him sitting in the eastern Anthracite Division, for historical and logistical reasons. 

Ryan

The Captain. 

Whether it be a Boston Whaler, a saltwater longer or a luxury fuckin’ yacht, Ryan is always looking to add to his collection of ‘ships.

Since entering the League in 2016, leaving the League in the summer of 2018, and then re-entering the League in that same summer (after adopting a new team), Ryan is the only Manager in the league to have won more than one Championship since its inception.

Ryan is almost always on the prowl for a new acquisition, trade, or deal and he has reaped the rewards for staying so vigilant. If he is to be compared to a GM from the NHL, he is Steve Yzerman. His trades are fair but calculated and his teams are always competitive. He is always one to watch for and his results can never be discredited. The man knows how to construct a ‘ship or two.

Look for him to be in the mix from the very beginning. Ryan is most likely doing his homework at this moment, and the rest of the managers should probably take a glance over at his notebook. 

His office sits in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania - cementing him firmly in the Steel Division. If you listen closely you can sometimes hear him organizing his Trophy cabinet, making room for a third. 

Strez

The Comeback Kid. 

Strez’s team is an expansion team that came into the League in 2017 and much like the Coyotes of the NHL, he has not been able to get any traction in the standings since then. 2020 was the year of the Polish Pounder, though, by bouncing back and winning it all in the weirdest year that the VHL has had to date. 

Strez is almost always open for negotiations, so long as it nets him a potential franchise changing guy. You’ll get some fair pieces back, but just know going into trade talks that he is perpetually big game hunting. And who can blame him? He negotiated his way to the top and is looking to be the second GM in our league to win twice. 

His office sits in Scranton, Pennsylvania - making his team the keystone of the Anthracite Division. 

Chris

El  Asesino

Despite being the namesake of the VHL, Chris has never been a flashy or particularly chatty General Manager in the league. His style is to stay pretty mum on the airwaves and let his teams do the talking. 

His teams have been known to silently take down bigger, badder opponents and are always pretty balanced, as all things should be. While it is true that he has never managed a team past 3rd place since 2015, it always seems that he is never far off from putting it together. It is clear that someday soon he is going to step out of the shadows and take what is his. 

His office sits in Macungie, Pennsylvania, good enough to sit in the Anthracite. But it doesn’t matter where he is located, he can come out of anywhere and strike you down. 

Nick 

The Sleeping Giant. 

At the birth of the VHL, Nick and his team exploded onto the scene to win the very first "Flying Drutchman" against Travis in 2015. Since then, however, it seems that his teams have either hit a roadblock or have been just plain unlucky. 

This is a new year with new opportunity, however. This could be the end of a dry spell for him and can mark the start of a new era for his franchise. He has a thorough knowledge of the game and it is only a matter of time before his team rises from the depths and slugs it out at the top. 

Nick sits in Johnstown, staring directly in the way of Travis every season - these two will hash it out in the Steel Division. 

Darin

The Wild Card. 

Darin is the latest addition to the VHL but has by no means been the most boring. 

Upon joining the league in 2019, he sky rocketed to the top of the standings and seemed to go on weeks long stretches knocking every team out along the way. His high hockey IQ, love of the game, and enigmatic nature has granted him a distinct advantage over the other GM’s who don’t know him. 

His moves are always a mystery because no one knows what he is going to do, what players he will pick up, or even if he checks the trade block. 

He could very well be in the running for the Winner’s Bracket this year and no one would be quite sure how he did it. Time will tell. 

Originally a Johnstown guy, his office has moved south to the Carolinas, switching him over to the Eastern Anthracite Division, lets hope the other 3 teams he shares it with can handle the heat. 