<b>Week 1 Predictions</b>
I have to admit that making predictions for week 1 of a truncated season where every player is playing their biggest rivals in the midst of a global pandemic that can take them out of a lineup on any given day is difficult. There has been a lot of time off for all of these guys, many will be less in shape than they should be. There are no pre-season games for them to warm up with and camps were only 14-20 days long. Nevertheless, I'm going to give it my all to bring you my predictions for week 1 and pray to the hockey Gods themselves that things get easier for week 2. 

<b>Mike vs Darin</b> 

<i>Mike</i> 
Star Power – Mike Zibanejad, if he is ready to go in time for puck drop, will play the Islanders twice. Rangers vs Islanders games are typically spirited events and have a tendency to be high scoring. The downside to Zbad this week, though, is those are the only two games he plays. Alex Ovechkin will likely be an X factor for Mike this week as he is no doubt going to try to make up for lost ground towards the Gretsky Goal Record and plays Buffalo twice to start it off. 

Favorable Matchups – Ovechkin, Wilson, and Carlson of Washington squaring off against the lowly Sabres will benefit Mike this week. Coleman, Palat and Sergachev from Tampa Bay play Chicago twice. Pacioretty and William Karlsson will play Anaheim twice this week as well.
 
Unfavorable Matchups – Ehlers from Winnipeg only plays once this week – Calgary. The reverse is true for Elias Lindholm. Barkov of Florida will face Dallas back-to-back and will likely be stymied by their Dallas. Edit: Barkov won't play at all due to the Dallas Stars cancelling their games due to COVID. 
Goaltending – Shesterkin will probably get both starts against the Islanders. Price will play against Toronto. Saros from Nashville will start against Columbus. The best bet out of these three is Saros. 

<i>Darin</i>
Star Power – Tavares, who is always steady, gets to enjoy two matchups against The Senators back-to-back in the latter half of the week. We get to see what sort of chemistry unfolds with hall and Eichel up in Buffalo. Robin Lehner will likely feast against the low scoring Anaheim Ducks. 

Favorable Matchups – Backstrom riding shotgun with Ovi against Buffalo twice will yield some good results for Darin. Tavares and Marner give Ottawa a true test when they play them in two consecutive days. 

Unfavorable  Matchups – I think Marino starting the year off in Pittsburgh having to play the Flyers twice will be a good litmus test to see where he's at – with that said, I think he may be a little overwhelmed. The new captain of the Blues, Ryan O'Reilly will have his hands full against Colorado X2. 

Goaltending – I stated before that Lehner will enjoy a quality start Anaheim. I can even see a shutout. Andersen will likely play against Montreal and one of the two Ottawa games. Markstrom will probably get the nod for Winnipeg and certainly Vancouver. 

<i>Prediction:</i> This one will be close. I think Mike having three stars from Washington go against Buffalo will be his driving force this week. His goaltending matchups don't look that great, however. Darin has the advantage there. I also can't ignore the hopeful instant magic that Hall and Eichel potentially can have. 

<b>Darin by about 10 points</b>

<b>Strez vs Chris</b>

<i>Strez</i>
Star Power – There's no shortage here. Matthews will have three quality starts this week for Strez, two of which are against the Sens. Mackinnon will play against the Blues twice. Svechnikov will fly high against Detroit twice. 

Favorable Matchups: Much of what was just stated. Matthews and Thornton play against Ottawa twice. Hertl has a chance to produce nicely against his games against Arizona. Shea Theodore will be blastin' bombs in the desert against Arizona. 

Unfavorable Matchups – I think little Jack Hughes is gonna have a hard time against the big bad Bruins. Thomas Tatar and Nick Suzuki play Toronto and then Edmonton. Yikes.
 
Goaltending – Binnington will play Colorado twice. Blackwood plays Boston twice. Ullmark plays Washington twice. Its possible Strez gets no help from goaltending this week. 

<i>Chris</i> 
Star Power – What will Eichel do with hall on his wing? Marchand was captain for a few seconds recently in Boston and is likely chomping at the bit for NJ. Will Byfield play? Claude Girouz generally has decent games against Pittsburgh – he will play them twice. 

Favorable Matchups – Marchand and McAvoy will have a good week when they ice against the Devils. Pietrangelo gets to show off his game to a new team with Vegas against Arizona, I expect big things. 

Unfavorable Matchups – I don't think we can expect much from Patty Kane when he plays twice against Tampa Bay and their monster goaltender. Dylan larkin will likely be at a loss for much offense when he scraps against Carolina twice. Keith Yandle wont play at all until the 17th due to Dallas being sidelined.
 
Goaltending – Fleury probably wont start over Lehner. Holtby will get at least one start against Edmonton. Maybe Calgary. Carter Hart will be tested immediately with two games against Pittsburgh. 

<i>Prediction:</i> I think that Strez having Matthews, Mackinnon, and Svech with very favorable starts will be the X factor here. Sure, Strez's goaltending will be deplorable in this first week, but Chris' prospects aren't looking too much better. 

<b>Strez by at least 20</b>

<b>Travis vs Craig<b>

<i>Travis</i>
Star Power – You can't deny the lineup that Travis has crafted. Mcdavid, Panarin, Guentzel, and the newly signed Barzal will be one of the cores to watch both this season and this week. None of these guys have really easy matchups this week. McDavid plays Vancouver twice and then Montreal. Barzal and panarin face each other twice. Guentzel plays arch-rivals Philly and then Washington. 

Favorable Matchups – Any time a guy plays a team like Buffalo twice in a week, I am going to remark on. Kuznetsov and Washington do just that and will provide Travis some much needed points in a week where the rest of his players don't have any real mickey mouse games. William Nylander eventually plays Ottawa twice. 

Unfavorable matchups – Not only will Torey Krug be in the middle of getting used to a new system he also has to face NHL force of nature Colorado twice.  Kubalik and the rest of the Chicago squad plays Tampa Bay twice. Trevor Zegras will likely get his first dose of NHL reality playing against Vegas twice. What a welcome mat.

Goaltending – I think Jarry will have a trial by fire as the official number one of Pittsburgh when he is written in to play against the Flyers twice. Hellebuyck will only get one start this week, albeit against the enigmatic Calgary. I think Travis will pick up some major points though, with Samsonov likely playing twice against Buffalo. 

<i>Craig</i> 
Star Power – Craig's starters are no slouch either compared to Travis. Crosby has been the unofficial captain of this team since the league inception, it seems. But then he picked up the official/unofficial Captain of the bruins with Patrice Bergeron. He also grabbed Huberdeau this off season who is always reliable and consistent. All eyes will be on his two young potential stars in Kakko and Lafreniere to see if they can be the x-factors to push Craig over the hill. 

Favorable Matchups – Bergeron will play NJ twice this week. It's a shame that Pasta is on IR to start the season because he would no doubt feast against the lowly Devils. Teravainen gets some favorable opening matchups with a double serving of Detroit. Evander Kane will be active against Arizona twice, as will Logan Couture. Reilly Smith will also likely have a good opening when his Vegas Knights play Anaheim a couple of times. 

Unfavorable Matchups – It's going to be interesting to watch Kakko and Lafreniere open up their seasons against bitter rivals – the New York Islanders twice. While I don't think they will be ineffective, I think the proven stars on the team will be doing most of the legwork this week. Huberdeau and Ekblad will be inactive this week as he was set to play Dallas who have been sidelined for COVID reasons. That will be a big chunk of offense taken out of the lineup. 

Goaltending – Craig is really taking a chance with Matt Murray, eh? And he starts the season against Toronto? Grubauer will likely have a good game, but I don't know if he'll get the win against St. Louis. Tuuka will likely enjoy a win or two against NJ. One loss, one win, one coin flip. Not bad. 

<i>Prediction:</i> While I like the way Craig's team is constructed, I think the injury with Pasta, the inactives with Ekblad and Huby, and his youth players playing against very stiff competition will keep him from hitting the mark. If everyone was playing, I'd give him the edge. Alas…

<b>Travis by about 15</b>

<b>Nick vs. Ryan</b>

<i>Nick</i>
Star Power – Nick is brimming with stars this week. Malkin, Draisaitl, Point, Stamkos, Hedman, Hamilton. The list can honestly go on longer but these guys are the ones I think will lead him to a potential victory. 

Favorable Matchups – Stamkos, Point, and Hedman all play against Chicago. Yep. 3/5 of the top Power Play in Tampa are on this team. Stoner and Marchessault slots against Anaheim twice. Underrated Meier plays Arizona twice. Hamilton will blow up against Detroit. 

Unfavorable Matchups – Debrincat will have a tough time against Tampa. I think Dahlin, as prolific a player as he's starting to become, will have a tough time against Washington, the same goes for Olofsson.  The Anthony Duclair redemption tour will have to wait another week as he will be inactive due to Dallas and their Covid problem. Adam Henrique against Vegas might be a problem as well. 

Goaltending – Nick's goaltending situation is like a rollercoaster. Vasi will play against Chicago, probably twice. Those are two likely wins. But then Koskinen will play against the sometimes explosive Vancouver back-to-back which means he will likely only get one start. He finishes his week against Montreal. Those starts are coin flips. Then Bob will be inactive due to Covid. 

<i>Ryan</i>
Star Power – We can't ignore how great Aho has been for Carolina. Pettersson is the truth for Vancouver, despite having a huge forehead. Rantanen is what Kakko aspires to be one day. Will the Kaprizov coming out party start this week? 

Favorable Matchups – Aho vs Detroit twice is going to buoy Ryan tremendously this week. Brent Burns will be blasting from the blueline in the desert when he plays Arizona twice. I can't think of a better situation for Kaprizov playing his first NHL games than against the lowly LA Kings. As long as he steers clear of Drew Doughty, I think Kirill and Fiala will have a big weekend. 

Unfavorable Matchups – The Winnipeg Jets. They play once against Calgary. Not ideal for a team that is 15% Winnipeg among the skaters. Ryan has a lot of Colorado and St.Louis players on his team who play each other this week. These aren't unfavorable for either side, per se, but it's tough to give an edge to either. 

Goaltending – Khudobin is out. Covid. Darcy “the Darce” Kuemper plays San Jose twice… which can prove to be problematic. Gibson plays Vegas twice which will be problematic. 

<i>Prediction</i> I think the combination of Tampa Bay probably having a week against Chicago, Ryan's lack of quality starts across his lineup, and goaltending definitely being flagged in Nick's direction will really make it hard for Ryan to win this one. This isn't indicative of Ryan's roster, it is certainly a good one, scheduling just got in the way.

<b>Nick by at least 20</b>

-M